1. The lecture begins with an introduction to the importance of choosing the correct strategy for caching and persisting data depending on the requirements of your use case.
2. For an offline customer experience, the application should have the capacity to display the latest saved version of the feed when the customer requests it. If no cached version is available, an error message should be displayed.
3. The URL loading system provides a default mechanism for caching URL requests, specifically HTTP and HTTPS requests. This mechanism works with the URLCache class and offers 4 megabytes of in-memory capacity and 20 megabytes of disk capacity.
4. Customization to the URLCache is possible by creating a custom URL session with a configuration where your custom cache is set, ensuring every request uses the custom cache. Alternatively, the shared instance of the URLCache can be replaced with a custom instance.
5. A discussion takes place on setting the cache policy and explaining how it can be controlled per request. The influence of cache-related headers in the server's response on caching is also touched upon. 
6. The lecture raises the idea that although useful in some apps, the URLCache has limitations especially for apps that work offline. It’s not suitable for persisting offline actions, particularly when user interactions might not go through the URL loading system.
7. The instructors give a demonstration of URLCache in action, showcasing how its use can lead to shared state between tests and between test runs. They demonstrate the use of an ephemeral URL session configuration to avoid this issue.
8. The session concludes with a recap on the benefits of URL Cache when the HTTP or HTTPS server implements cache control correctly. However, if persisting user interactions offline is necessary, then a custom solution may be needed.
9. They finish by asserting the aim to create a custom persistence strategy for apps that need to allow customers to interact with the feed offline and then sync the persisted data with the server once online.
10. It's mentioned that the following lectures will continue to explore creating a custom persistence strategy.