1. The lecture discusses how to add and test static and localized content within clean architecture.
2. So far, the content that's been rendered come from API calls, such as the image location, description, and image data.
3. The lecturer mentions that every app also has bundled content that doesn't change unless a new app version is released, for instance, the view title.
4. Such static content needs to be shipped with the app which is usually localized, which means adjusting it according to the language and cultural context of its user.
5. The main aim of this lecture is to teach how to deal with such static and localized content.
6. The lecturer uses an instance of setting a Feed View Controller's title to illustrate how to add and test such content.
7. It's noted that in different architectural designs like MVC, MVVM, and MVP, string values like titles belong to different components - Controllers, ViewModels, and Presenters respectively.
8. They deliberated the need for making a title variable flexible, i.e., not directly depending on a static Feed Presenter title to allow for easy replacement with other titles.
9. It's suggested that the Feed Presenter's title configuration should be moved to the composer.
10. If the title changes based on the loading state, you can add a title property to the view model and set the title when creating the view model in the presenter.
11. They then discussed localizing content and stressed the importance of distinguished keys and actual translations.
12. In localization, there's the creation of a Feed.strings file that contains key-value pairs of localized content.
13. The development was test-driven; they test that they're setting the value for the correct key, not the localized value.
14. A test helper was created to help locate missing localized strings.
15. They added support for Portuguese and Greek language translations to underline the concept.
16. To ensure all keys and values are accounted for in different languages, all possible keys in a table are traced and iterated through all localization bundles. 
17. The lecture concluded with a reminder that static and localized strings belong to the Presentation module and that the UI module just renders data passed to it.